TruStake is an *Inflationary* token.

When a user performs a core action on TruStory, such as Writing an Argument or Agreeing with an Argument, she is required to stake some amount of TruStake for some period of time. After the period expires, she is **refunded** the stake and **rewarded an interest payment** on that stake. This interest payment (i.e. "reward") is generated by inflating TruStake.

## Rewards

The interest payment earned (i.e. "rewards) is based on the stake **amount** and **period**. Currently, users stake a default amount and for a default period* as per below:

**Write an Argument**
- Stake required: 50 TruStake
- Period: 7 days
- Interest earned: 1 TruStake


**Agree an Argument**
- Stake required: 10 TruStake
- Period: 7 days
- Interest earned: 100 uTruStake (i.e. 0.1 TruStake)** 

Users can also earn rewards by removing low-quality arguments. This is done by marking arguments as **Not Helpful**. Only users with 50+ Earned TruStake can mark arguments as Not Helpful.

If an Argument receives 5 or more Not Helpful votes, the argument writer and any users who Agreed with that argument have their TruStake slashed. Users who marked the Argument as Not Helpful earn a portion of this slashed TruStake.

**Mark Argument as Not Helpful**
 - Stake required: None
 - Period: None
 - Reward earned: 25% of slashed stakes, split among all Not Helpful voters 
 
* In the future, we may allow users to pick stake amounts and period.
** Split equally between Argument creator and Agree giver.

## Min balance required

All users are required to have min balance of 50 TruStake to stake. 

## Staking limits
Users have limits on how much they can have staked on the platform at once (i.e. Pending stake balanace). Users start off with a limit of 300 pending TruStake.

As users earn more TruStake on the platform, their staking limits increase, as per below:

- 10 total Earned TruStake: 500 pending TruStake limit
- 20 total Earned TruStake: 1000 pending TruStake limit
- 30 total Earned TruStake: 1500 pending TruStake limit
- 40 total Earned TruStake: 2000 pending TruStake limit
- 50 total Earned TruStake: 2500 pending TruStake limit

... And so on.
